fix: Update autoregister path to inventory items path (#65)
godot-escoria/escoria-docs: getting_started/step_by_step/6_handling_inventory.rst

Escoria has features for handling inventory items as well, of course. Let's
embed them into our sample game.

The inventory items path
------------------------

Inventory items are movable. They don't (usually) stay in just one specific
room. This poses a problem for Escoria, because when rooms are changed,
the previous room is removed from Godot's scene tree, together with the items
in there.

> To workaround this, inventory items must be placed in a special path where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work around this, inventory items must be placed in a special path where
```
